# ass4j


# What's this?

This is a Java library, designed to parse and manipulate *.ass Files generated by MEDUSA or Aegisub.

# How to use it?

* Compile this, and the jar to your project's classpath
* Use any of the static methods of AssReader to load in an .ass file.
* Manipulate the events and styles as you see fit. 
* Write back using any of the static methods of AssWriter.

# Limitations

* At the moment, this can only load existing .ass files. Creating blank ones is not yet supported.
* Events and styles can be edited, however new ones can not be added.
* Most of the header does not get written back when writing a file.

# Why did you write this?

Short answer: Why not?

Long answer: I recently discovered the "Maetelverse" and instantly fell in love with these works. GE999 is, in my opinion one of the best anime ever made. Most of these works are easily available in either English or French - both languages I can cope with. However, the series that comes first in it's timeline, "Queen Millennia" is not officialy available in english. It has only seen an official release as a japanese DVD/LD box-set. (Eventually, a dub of Queen Millennia aired on German TV in 1991. However, this dub seems to be lost media. Since German is my mother-tounge, this would *highly* interest me. If you know anything about it, please contact me somehow, even if it's through a GitHub issue!)  There is also an excellent fansub made by the amazing folks at LivE-EviL. As a collector who prefers the "real thing" and likes to watch self-ripped stuff, I required a tool to easily remove the delay introduced by the intro screen found in these fansubs in order to mux their scripts into my own rips.
Thus, this library was made.
